Add color support to notifications (#5411)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/notifications/docs/02-sending-notifications.md

![Success, warning and danger notifications](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44533235/180995801-3e706ca6-773b-47a0-9fc6-3e28900a9ea9.png)

> ## Color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting a background color
```

> Optionally, a notification can have a background color to help with context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications have no background color by default. You may want to provide additional context to your notification by setting a color as follows:
```
